Phase 1: Build the game engine.

TODO:
* Clone and apply move
* Score game (most of this logic is already done with in the bidding functions)

Phase 2: Train AI

Neural networks required:
1. Biding network
2. Lead / trump network - used when selecting which card to lead and which card to name trump (the dilemma) - might be doable with heuristics
3. Play network - going to try some experiments to shrink the input and output and make the order dynamic based on number of cards held for each suit to see if that helps it learn patterns faster

Part 1: Train a model to output just a bid value - not cards to bid. Want to get this initial neural network to know, with a given encoded hand, how many tricks it can win with decent play.

In Dealer's Dilemma there are several bidding options:

Easy: one card is placed face-up and one card is placed face-down. If you take the same number of tricks as the face-up card you win 4 points. If you take the same number of tricks as the face-down card you win 2 points.

Top: two cards are face-up - one on top of the other. The value of the top-most card is your bid. Hitting your bid gives you 8 points.

Zero: two cards are face-up next to each other.

"points" will be calculated similar to bridge bidding

10 -> 4
9 -> 3
8 -> 2
7 -> 1

Inputs:
Size Value            Description
1    (points / 10)    Trump suit points
1    (points / 10)    Highest non-trump suit points
1    (points / 10)    Second highest non-trump suit points
1    (points / 10)    Third highest non-trump suit points
1    (boolean)        1-hot encoding set to 1 when player has no trump cards
3    (1-hot encoding) 1-hot encoding of values (0-3) number of non-trump suits with voids

Output:
Category distribution?

66 possible bids per hand (12 choose 2) dealer has 55 because they can't use the lead card (11 choose 2).

How will we decide which card to select as trump and which card to lead?

Play neural network

Input:

All suits are ordered by (from current player's perspective):
Trump
Non-trump suit with (most cards/highest points) in their hand
Non-trump suit with 2nd (most cards/highest points) in their hand
Non-trump suit with 3rd (most cards/highest points) in their hand

Players are always recorded:
current player
player to the left
player to the right

12 Voids 1-hot of each suit in suit order 3 players * 4 suits
3  bids - bid value / 10
3  1-hot player is under their bid
3  1-hot player made their bid
3  1-hot player is over thier bid
4  lead suit 1-hot encoding of lead suit (in suit order)
4  1-hot winning card suit (in suit order)
1  winning card value / 10
4  number of unseen cards in suit order / 9 (should this be a count or value-based?)

Output:

4 in suit order (probably needs to be a separate head)
1 high - play your highest card of selected suit
1 medium - play a medium card of selected suit
1 low - play lowest card of selected suit
-
7

Or:

In suit order for each suit (trump, 1st, 2nd, 3rd):
1 high - play the highest card of selected suit
1 medium - play the medium card of selected suit
1 low - play lowest card of selected suit
-
12
