Kaibosh Rules

Kaibosh is a Euchre variant where players bid to name trump. All cards below 9 are removed from a standard deck of cards which leaves 9, 10, J, Q, K, A in each of the four suits.

Dealing

Partners sit across from each other. All the cards are dealt so that each player has six cards in their hand. The cut must be offered to the player sitting right of the dealer.

Bidding

Bidding begins with the player left of the dealer and proceeds clockwise around the table. Each player bids one time. Valid bids are pass, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and kaibosh (take all tricks alone). You must bid higher than the previous highest bid or pass.
There is a simple bidding convention:

1 - signals to your partner that you have two or more aces.
2 - signals to your partner that you have one black jack and one red jack.
3 - is usually used to block the other team from signaling to each other.

If a player kaiboshes bidding stops immediately, they name a suit, lead and play the hand alone (without their partner).

During the bidding phase if a player has four 9s or three 9s and two 10s they may optionally declare a misdeal. This only happens in turn order so if a player bids a kaibosh before a player has a turn to bid they may not declare a misdeal. If a misdeal is declared the hand ends immediately and the dealer moves clockwise and a new hand is dealt.

The player who bid the highest names trump. After that the player to the left of the dealer leads.

Bowers

When trump is named the jack of trump becomes the highest card. The jack of the same color becomes the second highest card. Jacks in other suits retain their value between queens and tens. For example, if clubs are named trump, then the jack of clubs is the highest card and the jack of spades becomes the second highest card. If someone leads a club and you only have the jack of spades in your hand you must play it since it is treated as a club.

Play

Play continues clockwise. Each player plays one card. You must play a card of the suit that was led if you have one in your hand. If not, you may play any card from your hand. The highest trump card wins the trick. If no trump was played on the trick the highest card of the lead suit wins the trick. The player who played the highest card leads any card to start the next trick. Play continues clockwise.

Scoring

Scores are per team. When a hand is finished you tally the number of tricks that partners have made together. If the team that won the bid makes their bid or higher, they score as many points as they took tricks. If they do not make it, the other team earns a point for each trick they took and the team that won the bid loses the number of points that they bid. It is possible to have a negative score because of this.

If a player makes their Kaibosh they score 12 points if they take a trick. If a player kaiboshed and did not make their bid their team loses 12 points.

Play continues with the deal moving clockwise after each hand. Games can be played to any agreed upon score or number of deals. Generally play is to 50 or 100.